docs: add new rubygems supply chain security story (#981)
cncf/tag-security: supply-chain-security/compromises/2022/rubygems-override.md

# RubyGems Package Overwrite Flaw

This security bug has been identified as CVE-2022-29176 and

> referring to the RubyGems.org website which is the home of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
affects the RubyGems.org website which is the home of
```

open source libraries for the Ruby developer ecosystem.

## Impact

A security bug allowed anyone to remove legitimate packages
on the RubyGems open source registry for Ruby, and then republish

> the same packages as new ones, with modified code, and potentially

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same packages as new, with modified code and potentially
```

malicious contents.

Even though exploiting this vulnerability requires specific conditions
to apply, such as a gem has to be of specific naming convention, its

> impact could still be devastating if went unnoticed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
impact could still be devastating if it were to go unnoticed.
```

As of yet, the RubyGems.org website maintainers haven't confirmed any

> known case of malicious exploitation they are aware of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
known cases of malicious exploitation they are aware of.
```
